# Project Overview
This project seeks to create a simple Cypress test that will navigate to the [Google](https://www.google.com/) homepage, search for the term "Cypress", and then verify the title of the resulting page. Additionally, this project will document each step taken in this process in order to provide a template for implmenting Cypress tests in future projects.

# Steps Taken
## Step 1: Verify Node.js >= 12 is Installed
Simply run the following command in the terminal:
```bash
node -v
```

## Step 2: Install Cypress
Run the following command in the terminal:
```bash
npm install cypress
```

## Step 3: Open Cypress
Run the following command in the terminal:
```bash
npx cypress open
```

## Step 4: Choose Test Type
For this project, we will be using E2E tests so select that option.

## Step 5: Review Configuration
The default configuration should be fine for this project, so no changes are necessary. That adds the following files to the project:
- cypress.config.js: Cypress Config File for E2E Testing
- cypress/support/e2e.js: Support file bundled and loaded with every E2E spec file
- cypress/support/commands.js: Custom commands for E2E testing
- cypress/fixtures/example.json: Example fixture file for E2E testing

When done reviewing click continue.

## Step 6: Choose a Browser
For this project, I'm going to use Firefox but you can use whichever browser you prefer. When you've selected a browser, click Start E2E Testing.

## Step 7: Create your First Spec
Create your first spec by clicking create new spec. We will use the following path: cypress/e2e/google.cy.js the click create spec. For now just accept the template code that is generated by clicking Okay, run the spec.

## Step 8: Open the Spec in your IDE
Open the google.cy.js file in your IDE.

## Step 9: Rename the Spec
Rename the spec by changing the text after describe(' to Google Search and then save it and make sure it is updated in the Cypress Dashboard.

## Step 10: Update the Spec
Start by changing cy.visit to got to https://www.google.com/

## Step 11: Do the Search
Add code to get the search box and type Cypress followed by the enter key.

## Step 12: Verify the Title
Add code to verify the title of the resulting page.

## Step 13: Rerun in Dashboard
Rerun the spec in the Cypress Dashboard to verify that it works.

## Step 14: Run the Spec from the Terminal
Run the spec from the terminal by running the following command:
```bash
npx cypress run --spec "cypress/e2e/google.cy.js"
```

## Step 15: View the Video of the Run
View the video of the run by going to the following path: cypress/videos/google.cy.js.mp4